Experts can't talk about it
Just have a good eye
The four words Bamboo Forest Seven Strings on your pen holder
It should be hand-painted.
The firing process is also not bad
Including this incense burner, it's 500 yuan in total.
You don't lose either.
What's not a loss?
My incense burner is old
Old, your incense burner is actually old
Why is there no rust?
Like brand new, you fool the ghost
How do I know that?
Was this like brand new when it was unearthed?
unearthed
500 is 500
Here it is. Here it is.
Hey
I won't return or exchange it if I win.
Didn't you just say that these two can be packaged?
Pack it up. It's so cheap, do you still need to pack it?
You said just now that they can do it.
Make me regret it twice.
All right,all right, all right
Who is it for?
Giving an old man a birthday gift
Do you need the appraisal certificate?
Forget the appraisal certificate.
But you can write two words for me above.
Just say that the vassal Lao Fu Ru Donghai Shoubi Nanshan
Who?
Hou Lao
You're talking about the collector from Dongyuan City
Antique master Hou Lao
Yeah, what's wrong?
You can buy these two things and take them as acceptance.